any crazy shouldn't happen on the road
to you um I've seen some stuff on the
road but probably it wasn't a vietnam
man where I've been you don't even want
to go I was three klicks southeast
Providence the rainy night I think one
of the weirdest experiences was my first
road work when I was living in Tucson
Arizona first gig ever he was like my
first road gig ever first real road gig
were you staying in a comedy condo
I was I was M scene for a dirty magician
it was like adult magician which it was
clear from the whole weekend he was just
trying to fuck audience and she's just
getting women up and being like I'm
doing a magic trick you like your carpet
of peel and you're just using humor as
your excuse on why you're being super
creepy ain't when Andy Kaufman wrestled
yeah he got off on it yeah yeah yeah and
the feature was like this reformed like
didn't do drugs didn't drink it was like
mad at me cuz I was like probably 21
yeah getting hammered every night yeah
so the Sunday night show the weekend's
over I'm driving back it was an
Albuquerque New Mexico I'm driving back
to Tucson the next day so his girl walks
up to me and she's like what the dude
and she's like hey you're really funny
oh my god thank you she gives me her
business card and she's like hey give me
a call if you ever want to grab a drink
and I'm like well I'm going back to
Arizona tomorrow but your honor and
she's like you wanna grab a drink
tonight
and I'm like how do I grab a drink she's
hot yeah like not from Albuquerque huh
yeah like insanely hot like she got
shipped in yeah yeah from somewhere yeah
and I'm like alright well this is just
litter box more time yeah good they got
lost in the mail and ended up at
Albuquerque and it's like at this point
I had like a really shitty Caesar
haircut you know it where like I'm
basically dress the same way I do that
it's awful
there's janko's and like yeah it's Jenko
jean shorts and liquor t-shirts and we
go to the bar and we're having beers and
she's with this dude and I'm like oh
this is just her boyfriend but I'll just
talk to this really hot girl did she try
to explain you the dude at all
and this is where it gets weird this is
where it started we're got like all
right she's like this is my brother but
he's not my brother
we're just like super close so I call
him my brother which means one of two
things number one he wants to be with
her desperately to the point that they
just do it he's a doormat Franco come on
dates
exactly or number two there's just a
weird professional link that I'm not
putting together yet he's the bouncer
yeah he's the guy that makes sure
bodyguard that men don't hurt the hooker
all right so there it is you're pretty
sure she was I had to steal it yeah I
just and I know it's like what a woman
can't hit on a guy after a show and
she's not a hooker this chick was like
Vegas Pro yeah yeah like a girl you see
working in Vegas real like you're a pro
and if you called her a pro she go yeah
yeah he's a thousand an hour
like they just give you the rundown but
you just went for a drink when we went
for a drink
yeah we're hanging out she's like where
you stayin oh my god I'm staying at the
comedy condo and she's like well we
should go hang out at the comedy condo
I'm like wow you know your brother's
going yeah and like that yeah yeah
there's no exactly mistaking this no
girl does that yeah no girl is just that
hot and just open a hangout with a MC I
was an MC
I wasn't featured you're gonna be like I
was just like what did I nail the
announcements to the point that I got
y'all hot and bothered
oh you really got a happy when I said to
email this for free tickets don't forget
to fill out your comic charge your cell
phone you would got me sopping wet is
when you brought up the comic oh yeah
bitches but then you just moved right
into his intro so flawlessly so we have
drinks and she's like let's go back to
the comic-con I'm like who's your
brother cool with that
she's like yeah he'll drive us then I
like all right now this is starting to
get weird and here's where I started
getting extra weird is the brothers
caught she's like all right we get it
the brother the brothers car was a brand
new Dodge Magnum and she's like we can
just sit in the back and I'm like no oh
yeah cuz your non brothers yeah your
your dick chauffeur just this guy just
drives me around whenever I want to
kicking in a comedy Congo from an MC
it's clearly been doing comedy six
months rather Emma yeah you are the
coolest burger I can just choice you
were growing up yeah you know he just
watched me shower it was an easy trade
up and her body's like Maxum model body
like really big boobs
tiny waist that great but again
prettiest girl out of control there's no
way I don't even think of this point
that sex is even a possibility you go
back to condo we started drinking some
beers and we end up having sex and I did
wear a condom because I'm responsible ah
wear condoms the earth is already over
politican and we have sex and then like
the story the story keeps going like
she's making it up yeah where she's like
well I was married and I lived in France
for three years and I'm like fine now
you just um did you short stories that
you know did you just pick up a short
story book and that was your bio so that
we have sex a couple times and at like
6:00 in the morning
she's like all right I gotta leave let
me call my brother and he comes the
Dodge Magnum and at this point I was
filled with nerves to the point of like
what is she gonna ask me to pay her yeah
like cuz this is gonna be a lot of money
what she would have done probably
beforehand you would hope but I would've
hoped maybe not so Chile's that she her
brother comes and picks her up and
leaves has he come up no just right in
the car right up front and she gets in
the car and they leave and I've never
really quickly yeah I brothers say a
word the whole trip nothing not a word
another words always yeah I probably got
a gun under his shirt and he was dressed
almost like he was security of course
I'm guys so I'm thinking that was my
freebie with a very high-end high-end
hooker yeah yeah like high-end
right like it's like like like it
probably was a thousand like it was
probably a thousand dollars an hour and
she saw me I'm saying and she's like
what this guy can't afford me what you
thought you were cute but I appreciate
you kitty I appreciate his verdict
comedy yeah Oh bagel yeah yeah yeah and
in my mind I think that's just how
comedy is now I just happened that's how
that's what the road is
the road is these beautiful women being
like non brothers will drive us to the
bang in your comedy condo
I'll never happen again never got I
don't think I've gotten laid since on
the run
you